Like always, I'm doing great.
(Episode 16: Questions About Things That Disappear)
When did you come back?
Mr. Lee recently called and asked me to be in charge of a shoot.
Ms. Jang is doing okay.
She's okay.
Are you over her now?
I tried so hard to avoid her.
But I saw her by coincidence.
And that was enough...
to make me crumble down again.
If you miss her, just go see her.
I don't have an excuse to suddenly go up to her and say hello.
I know it's tormenting to not be able to do something for your woman.
It's hard to see your loved one giving up on something she wants...
just because of you.
But what if...
you're causing the two of you to be miserable...
by thinking of it that way?
It's not that I don't understand what you mean.
But I personally don't think it's right when people say...
they're sacrificing themselves for their significant other.
People just say that because they're not confident enough.
I'm very disappointed in you for behaving like this.
And it's hard for me to watch.
("The Baby" Reporter Jang Ha Ri)
Hey, Ha Ri. Is she in labor now?
Okay, I'll be right there.
Hey, the baby's coming. I need to shoot her giving birth.
I'll call you back.
Where's Ji Hye?
She's getting ready for childbirth.
I was asked to step outside for a second.
The doctor said her membranes ruptured prematurely,
but it's been sorted out.
I'm glad.
No filming will be allowed in the delivery room...
since there could be an emergency.
You should get it done right now.
Got it.
She'll soon give birth. You may head inside.
- Sure. I'll get going. - Of course.
(Nam Soo Chul)
(Main Building 2nd Floor)
- Please pick up. - The person you have reached...
Why isn't he picking up?
She'll go to the delivery room soon. You need to do the shoot right now.
Okay.
You must be exhausted.
The contractions are...
coming back faster now.
I'm guessing the baby will come out soon.
We'll be waiting outside.
Once the baby's here, we'll take a beautiful photo of your baby.
Thank you.
The baby is almost in place. Her cervix has dilated,
so we need to take her to the delivery room now.
Hang in there, honey.
(Delivery Room)
After she gave birth,
there was a lot of bleeding due to uterine atony,
so she's getting a blood transfusion.
We're going to carry out an embolization soon.
The baby is breathing well.
I'll tell you the details after we check the baby's condition...
in the pediatric intensive care unit.
- Doctor, we need you. - Okay.
She'll be fine.
(Kim J Hye: Giving birth)
(Delivery Room)
We managed to stop the bleeding.
But she's unconscious.
We'll take her to the ICU and treat her there.
We'll have to see how she recovers tonight.
We're going to keep an eye on her, so don't worry too much.
Are you saying...
Ji Hye. Ji Hye.
Ji Hye!
Is it too soon to tell us anything yet?
- What did she say? - They don't know yet.
My gosh. Oh, dear.
I'm sure she'll be all right.
(Intensive Care Unit)
Ms. Kim Ji Hye's family, please come in.
Just the mothers first, please.
(Newborn Nursery)
(The babies are this way.)
What are you doing here alone?
Ji Hye's probably...
worried about her baby.
I can't be with her baby for her,
but I wanted to be close.
Our moms...
all risked their lives to give birth to us,
but we forget that.
If I had known this would happen,
I wouldn't have received this ultrasound photo.
I shouldn't have let her wish us luck.
I shouldn't have.
She's awake.
What a relief.
Is Ji Hye all right?
Yes, she recognizes me and is asking to see the baby.
She's all good.
Thank you.
It's been a nightmare for me,
so I thank you...
for keeping me company.
You should head home and get some rest now.
- I'll be in touch. - Sure.
- Good night. - You too.
Let me give you a ride.
You seem tired, I'll take you home.
If you were going to worry about me like this,
why did you leave in the first place?
It's obvious that we both need comforting,
but we can't even ask each other how we are doing.
I'm done with the homework you gave me.
What about you?
I see nothing has changed.
If that's how you're going to look at me,
stay away.
I missed you.
I am not...
good enough for you.
I believed...
that I had to...
make you happy by all means.
I was worried...
about being the cause...
- of your misery... - I already knew.
And I know...
that you pretended not to have been let down...
by me.
Are you still worried?
Is that why you can't come back to me...
even though you miss me?
Nothing has changed.
You weren't the only one who was devastated.
I wished for the treatment to have been a success too,
and I felt like my world had collapsed.
Is this your answer then?
You really haven't changed at all during these past three months.
What do you want from me?
I'm worried that I'll be your demise.
You'll be miserable...
and in pain,
so how can I ask you to let me love you?
You told me never to give up,
but you waved the white flag first.
What if I waited a little longer?
How much more time do you need?
I know...
how pathetic I am.
While we were apart,
it killed me not to be with you.
And even though you're here,
I still can't show you how much I love you.
It's just like you said.
Nothing has changed.
Just like Sang Gon and Ji Hye,
I should be with you...
even when our lives might be at risk.
I told you I loved you.
But I kept feeling apologetic...
and nervous.
I want to stop that now.
Though it may bring misery,
I want to be with you.
Is that okay?
Who says we're going to be miserable?
And why are you so obsessed about being happy?
So what if we're miserable at times?
It's natural to struggle and get hurt.
Even so, I will never change.
I won't change,
so neither will you.
Am I right?
Tell me.
So what's your answer?
I don't care if I have a baby or not.
I don't care if I'm with someone or not.
I just want to be happy on my own.
So now that...
you've decided to love yourself,
are you telling me...
that you don't care whether I stay with you or not?
I don't care if you're competent or not.
I don't care how rich you are.
What matters is that I love you.
And I'm saying I won't ever get swayed.
I will never run away again.
The fact that I'm able to be with you like this...
is enough to make me feel grateful.
There's not much to happiness.
A morning like this is enough to make me happy.
Get some more sleep.
I'll make you breakfast.
What a beautiful world.
This is such a beautiful world.
All men want the same thing. My gosh, seriously.
Why do you look so startled?
I ironed that dress shirt so I could wear it later.
Oh... I see.
I just really wanted to try it on.
Why did she wear my shirt instead of her own clothes?
Do you know something?
The sun rises from the east.
And in my heart...
You're going to say you love me. You really need to stop.
The baby takes after the mother.
You can see that?
Have you given up on having a child?
I guess it'd be nice to have one and hope to get pregnant one day.
But I don't think I'll be sad about not having a child.
We can have fun together.
We'll be fine as long as you stop making dad jokes.
Dad.
Are you in love with me?
If you keep looking at me like that, I can't eat.
And why do you keep making dad jokes...
when we're living in 2020?
You make me feel so embarrassed.
Think of something pure and clean.
I was thinking of something very pure right now.
Eat up.
- It's delicious. - Enjoy your meal.
Okay.
A child could be a miracle for you guys.
I'm sure you both tried your best, but it didn't work out.
So it's fair to say that having a child is a miracle.
If the treatment works,
that means we can try IVF.
That will give us a higher chance of having a baby, right?
Yes, of course.
Are you willing to start the treatment again?
After I made up my mind, I started wanting a baby.
And now, I keep wanting one even more.
How adorable.
You look familiar.
Why are you making my kid cry?
I Sang.
Jae Young.
I didn't leave Ha Ri...
because I had a change of heart.
This might not be the best topic to talk about.
But before I met Ha Ri,
I was with someone for 17 years.
But now, I'm going to love Ha Ri...
even more than that,
and I'll never change.
I never asked.
I just want to get...
your acknowledgment.
I'm no longer going to be...
the annoying guy friend, so you don't need to worry.
But of course, I'm not important enough to make you guys to break up.
You've known each other for so long.
I will never be able to beat that.
But...
can't you come back,
and be her best friend again?
You're a really weird guy.
Are you looking down on me, or are you trying to make fun of me?
What are you doing?
I didn't want to tell you this,
but I like you.
Me?
What about Ha Ri?
I don't think we should be talking about this at a playground.
Who knows?
We could turn out to be good friends.
I doubt it.
I already have many.
But I don't.
- No, it's all right. - Please accept it.
Can you at least let go of my hand?
- Just... - Ms. Lee.
- But... - What's going on?
- Ms. Lee... - Let go of her right now.
Who on earth are you?
Are you selling her something?
Auntie, did he steal from you?
What did you just say?
- And who may you two be? - I'm her son.
And I'm her son-in-law.
There's no need to glare at me like that.
Goodness. It must feel reassuring to have these two.
My gosh.
- Wait a second. - Auntie, stop.
Who on earth is he?
Did he approach you knowing you had money?
You're too beautiful,
and must watch out for creepy men.
Unbelievable!
I haven't had a man ask for my number in decades.
It was my chance to go to Na Hoon A's concert.
What gives you the right to ruin my lucky day!
But you were like,
"No, please don't."
I was playing hard to get, you fool.
I'm sorry, Ms. Lee.
I wasn't trying to ruin your dating life.
Fancy seeing you here though.
Tell me about it.
I can't believe you'd ruin her chances of a date.
Unbelievable.
Anyway, I should get going.
Darn it.
Do you have the list of new companies?
Yes, right here.
Still, wouldn't it be better to focus on the companies...
we have a contract with instead of finding new ones to approach?
There's not enough.
Renewing contracts is hard enough.
The renewal alone won't stop "The Baby" from being canceled.
Shouldn't we at least renew the contracts first...
to fight another day?
Do you not have a fighting spirit or is it your confidence that lacks?
Sorry about that.
I'm just trying to do a good job, that's all.
In the past, I did what I want...
not following the rules or others.
But now that I want to do better,
everything seems like a mess,
and I can't tell if I'm doing a good job.
I've seen improvement in your recent writing.
Well, then. Let's pull an all-nighter,
and think of a way to score more advertisement deals.
I'll head outside and get us a bite to eat.
Sure.
Gosh, I must've dozed off.
Why are you laughing?
I had no idea you could be this adorable.
Are you flirting with me again? Well, I won't fall for it.
You'll need this.
Why?
Like this?
Go ahead and wipe your face.
The chairman and the executives...
are leaning toward the cancellation of "The Baby".
Is it just the paper magazine...
or the online operation as well?
They're talking about ceasing both.
What about our teams then?
Those of the Advertising Department...
can move to another department within the company.
Mr. Kim,
the Management Department has an opening,
so consider the position.
Ms. Jang, we'll make room for you too somewhere,
so wait for the transfer.
Let the journalists know that...
they'll be transferred to the department of their liking.
In other words, we're being kicked out.
I'm sorry...
for not being able to stop this.
I know this is sudden,
but Hyo Joo and So Yoon will have a place...
in the fashion or home decoration department.
Yeon Ho, you're being offered a position as deputy manager...
at the new home decoration department,
so think about it unless you want to move to another company.
What about you though?
I'm still thinking.
Of course I don't want "The Baby" to be canceled...
when I'm the editor-in-chief.
But we've had a good run.
You all did a good job,
so only think about your futures,
and make a wise decision.
So it was all for nothing.
We worked day and night trying to sign new advertisement deals.
Weren't we doing a good job?
How can they decide to cut us like this?
Isn't there anything we can try?
This is upsetting, you know.
You're not the only one who is devoted to "The Baby".
It's also ours too.
It's partially mine as well.
Ms. Jang, let's at least try something.
That way, we can learn one more thing before calling it quits.
I'd like to be clear that it's you guys who insisted this.
Anyway, I'll give a presentation...
objecting to the magazine's cancellation.
Get ready for an all-nighter.
As if that's new to us.
I can't let my skin go bad for nothing.
The cancellation will be revoked no matter what.
Okay. Let's wish us luck.
Save the energy for the presentation.
Is that how it is?
Gosh.
How about just us then?
So Yoon, you're good at making presentation slides, right?
- Yes, hand over the materials. - Sure.
Hyo Joo, do some research on the supporters of our competitors.
Sure.
Ms. Jang, wouldn't it be better with a visual aid?
Can you do it?
- So Yoon and I will give it a shot. - Sure.
(Si Ye from The Mom)
Hi, it's me.
I know it's been so long.
Yes, I'm still with "The Baby".
Actually, I called for a favor.
The studio will have to close if "The Baby" is canceled.
It'll be like digging out my own heart.
Ha Ri will save the day, so don't worry too much.
Then I'll be glad,
but if the magazine is canceled,
I'll be in trouble.
My fixed income will be gone.
It's not like I can find another magazine to work with...
when there is so little left.
Darn it.
I'm done renting out the space too.
When I'm already at a loss?
It's not Ms. Jang I don't trust,
but that company.
You can't take it out on me like this.
Are you kidding me?
I won't pay the rent anymore.
Let's run this place together instead.
Have me as a co-owner.
What?
I should have a decent studio myself anyway.
This is more than enough.
You...
Someone as talented and considerate as you...
should be my co-owner.
It'll be a pleasure, Mr. Han.
Are you all ready?
- Sure. - Of course.
Let's go then.
Thank you for attending today.
We asked you to join us today,
so we could explain how competitive "The Baby" is.
Please take a look at the screen.
These are popular videos that got a lot of views.
Lots of comments said they started reading our magazine...
after they saw these videos in order to learn more.
It may seem like online contents...
lead the viewers to subscribe our magazine.
But it also shows that magazines have more contents and stories,
and therefore should remain as our main business.
But compared to the increase of the views we get online,
our magazine subscription rate keeps falling.
That's...
As you already know,
we have a fixed target audience,
so it's not easy to expand our pool of subscribers.
Keep going.
Compared to our competitor,
we have twice as many supporters as they have.
These people are power bloggers,
social media influencers,
and our loyal subscribers.
The fact that we've had...
loyal subscribers for 10 years...
means we have a strong root...
and capacity to maintain our magazine brand for the future.
The viral marketing we carried out with The Mom was very effective.
Our clients freaking...
They very much loved it.
I always put...
our subscribers first.
But the small number of supporters can't be a good enough reason...
to maintain the magazine.
There's no way to make money.
We'll make company newsletters for other companies...
and promote products using our magazine.
We'll use our knowledge regarding publishing and advertisement...
and do our best to carry out additional businesses.
I understand what you mean.
But I think it's time we stop.
I know very well how hard you all worked...
to increase our sales.
I'm not blaming you for anything.
I'm just saying...
it's no longer possible for us to make money.
That's our reality.
I also don't want to cancel the magazine...
that I created.
I think...
I've heard enough.
Ms. Jang.
Thank you for working so hard until now.
Then for the very last time,
can you please take a look at this?
Sir.
Every time my son got sick,
I looked into "The Baby".
I know I could search online, but it's become a habit.
Every time I felt lost, I could rely on "The Baby".
I called the reporters to complain so many times,
and I also asked them for advice.
I was really stressed due to childcare,
but they helped me relieve my stress.
I had so much fun...
when I wrote postcards for the magazine...
after I put my baby to bed.
But of course, my purpose was to get a prize.
I collected every one of your magazine for two years.
I really don't want "The Baby" to disappear.
I had my first shoot when I was five with Aunt Ha Ri.
I've been working as a model ever since.
And now, I'm a university student. My dream is to become an actor.
To some people, it might just be a magazine.
But to me, it was where I took my first step to achieve my dream.
This is a business,
so I know we need to make profit.
But I personally think...
we can't put a price on our magazine.
It's worth so much more than that,
and it's very meaningful.
If you give us a chance,
we will turn this into a valuable magazine...
since we know how much our magazine is worth.
That was great. You may leave now.
Sir.
Let's discuss what we should do.
Haven't you heard anything yet?
The executives were very resolute.
But we decided to keep...
our online business.
You guys can focus on...
getting advertisements for our online platform now.
Do your best...
on the last edition to wrap up nicely.
Okay.
(Shim Jung Hwa)
Jung Hwa,
can you buy me a drink?
Hold on just a second.
Come here.
You did well.
You did a good job.
I have a deadline to meet. I'm almost done.
You seem busier than you were back at "The Baby".
Working at home means...
that I have to work while babysitting.
"And getting attention was the goal all along."
Done.
My gosh. Girls, you're here.
What's with those uneasy gazes?
It's our first time seeing you in your natural state.
Leave if you can't stand it.
That's not it, Ms. Shim.
You're too beautiful, that's all.
We might make a scene today.
Are you sure you can handle it?
It's why I chose this place.
Girls, set the table.
- Sure. - Yes, ma'am.
I'm blinded by your beauty!
- Cheers. - Cheers.
We knew it wouldn't last.
I felt like driving toward a dead end too.
I often thought...
that was I holding onto something...
that wouldn't last too.
Still, I didn't want to be in charge while the ship sank.
I understand that too.
So where will you all go from here?
I agreed to be in charge of the online business.
Ms. Jang put in a good word for me.
I haven't built a good enough career...
to move to another company.
I agreed to stay as well.
I'm also considering going to graduate school.
I'll think about it while working at the company.
I'm moving to the fashion department.
My transfer requests were never taken seriously.
It feels iffy to work there now under these circumstances.
They only agreed to take you because of the circumstances.
The people there will be nothing but territorial,
- so don't let them intimidate you. - I won't.
What about you?
I'm drawing a blank.
What am I supposed to do with my life?
Don't you know that life is a marathon?
Complete one course and another will present itself.
Look at me, for instance. Freelancing isn't so bad.
Only the paycheck is.
You seem to be following the right path,
but why does it feel like I'm always taking the hardest route?
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
It's the same for everyone though. We all need...
to crawl our way on the path we chose.
At this moment though,
don't think that the cancellation of "The Baby" was your fault.
It had nothing to do with your performances.
Blame the darn company instead!
- You're right. - Here, here.
Goodness.
Sorry about that. Gosh.
"Goodbye."
"Be well."
"I love you."
How should one say the last goodbye?
Unfortunately, "The Baby"...
is closing its doors that opened 30 years ago.
Paper magazines must be one of the things...
that are pushed out by digital life.
I promised you that I'd find an answer with you all,
but I won't be able to keep what I said.
I'm still unmarried...
and without children.
However, I now have...
someone I truly love.
My boyfriend was against having children at first,
but he's been collecting baby shoes in secret.
What could've gotten into him?
My friend who took a deep dive...
from his successful life...
is now back on his feet and finding his way again.
Hyuk Joon, didn't I tell you not to be back here?
Did you get sick again?
Here. Let me hear what's up.
My other friend who had to put her career on hold...
to raise her children...
never gave up...
and is knocking the high doors of the job market again.
We may seem like we haven't achieved anything,
but we've been taking small steps forward all this time.
How about a smile?
Now there's that handsome face.
As if 30 years had been a mirage,
"The Baby" vanished into the darkness,
but the magazine and our time spent on it...
I look forward to working with you.
It will definitely mean something to us in the long run.
Yes, that's right.
Of course, there's no need to worry.
Sure, don't worry.
Sorry?
Here I am close to reaching 40,
but I still wish to become someone...
and is curious of what tomorrow holds.
Instead of saying my last goodbye,
I will be curious of your tomorrow.
Tomorrow,
we will probably face a different question and a quest,
and I hope that you'll find...
your own answers.
(Congratulations on your 40th birthday.)
Am I already 40?
I can't believe it. I'm 40.
- Hello. - Good morning.
Do you always spend your weekends alone...
with Do Ah?
If it's too much of a hassle for you,
I could always help out.
Sorry?
Oh...
Do Ah and I like spending time alone, you see.
I'm grateful for your offer,
but I'd like to spend my weekends with the person I love.
Goodness. I'm sorry. I didn't know you were seeing someone.
It's someone you know.
Sorry?
My Do ah.
Oh, I see.
Right.
Do Ah, don't fight with your friends and have fun.
- Thank you in advance. - No problem.
Oh, here.
(About the writer: A responsible pediatrician in Hangang-dong...)
(Title: You're walking already?)
- Hey, you're here. - Good morning.
Jae Young must be busy writing all day instead of working.
Now that he has the most subscribers,
he wants to publish a book.
We have so many subscribers now, so someone might beat him this time.
Ms. Jang, let's hire some people.
Ms. Kim, we can't afford to pay anyone.
Ms. Jang, we need to hire people and be more aggressive...
in order to make profit.
We need a web designer...
and a person in charge of the advertisements.
Happy birthday to you
Ms. Jang, happy birthday.
Eu Ddeum, thank you.
She's Kim Eun Young, the director of "Oh My Baby".
And he's Choi Kang Eu Ddeum...
from the Advertising Department of "The Baby".
- Hello. - Nice to meet you.
"The Advertising Department"?
Have a seat.
How long have you been working there?
It's been a year.
That means you know your job, but your salary isn't that high yet.
He's just the right person.
You're pretty good at your job now, right?
What do you look for in a company?
I consider the company's vision...
and whether or not I'm able to have fun there.
Our company is one of the best start-up companies...
with an extremely great vision for the future.
Yes, of course. And aren't I really funny?
I can't work because you always make me laugh.
Are you trying to hire me?
Bravo. He's even quick-witted.
He has a bright future ahead of him. Hey, Eu Ddeum.
You trust me, right?
I need time to think about it.
I'm not as naive as I used to be.
You can think about it here. Have some cake.
- That's a great idea. - What are you doing? Hurry.
- No, I need to get going. - What are you talking about?
You should have some cake. You bought it for me.
My gosh, what is this?
I told you to come in the morning so we could celebrate your birthday.
Tonight, I wanted to cook for Jae Young.
What's the big deal? Let's just eat together.
Is it your birthday today? Happy birthday.
Have some meat.
Thanks.
You should eat up.
No, you should eat.
You started a company, so I'm sure you're very busy.
You should eat more than me.
You not only take care of Do Ah and treat patients,
but you even post journals about childcare.
- Yes. - That's enough.
Do you want me to take your spoons away...
and kick you out when you're both 40?
You guys are unbelievable.
- Okay. - Okay.
Are you going to keep living like this?
Are you going to stay single?
At least date someone if you're not going to get married.
You're still so young. Don't waste your youth.
Yes, it's a waste. I know.
Auntie, can you pack me your food?
I want to enjoy it comfortably at home.
Just let us be.
Don't worry about us. You're the one who should start dating.
I feel like you're the one wasting your life away.
- She's right. You should... - I'll take care of myself.
Why aren't you getting married?
Can you also pack me the food?
Really? Then we should all eat separately.
Leave it. Take your hands off. I'm not packing anything.
Why would I do that for you, you ungrateful punks?
- Let me just take this. - Let go of it.
- Let's divide it in half. - Come on.
- Hey, pack this. - Stop it.
- Let me take it home. - No way.
Eat it here. Take your hands off.
- Auntie, let me take it home. - Hey, stop.
- Are you laughing? Let me take it. - Stop it.
- Did Jae Young go home? - Yes.
Where is I Sang?
He went outside the city for a shoot and is coming back late tonight.
Are you really not going to get married?
I like living my life like this. We'll get married when we want to.
Why not live with him after you get married?
Why? Are you worried you guys might break up?
I know we're not going to break up even if we don't get married.
That's why I don't mind not getting married.
Mom.
I'm happy.
I'm very happy.
- I'll be off now. - Okay.
- Call me when you get there. - Okay.
My goodness. Let me carry that.
Here. Go on.
I'm here.
Why are you coming out from there?
Is that a surprise gift for me?
Ta-da. Open it.
My gosh, what is this? It's huge.
I'm going to open it.
- Is this my birthday gift? - Yes.
We need to be healthy and live until we're very old.
Why did you get me so many nutritional supplements?
My hormone levels...
are very close to average, so we should get ready.
I know I'm quite old, but I should dream big.
Let's have 2 sons and 2 daughters.
You're too greedy. That's too much.
It's way too much.
What? What do you want?
I want to sleep with you.
I Sang, I know we live together, but if you keep doing this,
that gives us no reason to sleep in separate rooms.
I refuse to back down.
We promised to respect each other's private lives.
But we also promised that we will no longer be discouraged or miserable.
Ha Ri, wait. You can't do this.
Come in.
In my dream, I was looking at the blue sea.
And suddenly, a rainbow-colored whale popped out...
and started talking to me.
What did it say?
How would I know? It talked to me in its language.
What kind of dream is this?
Do you think it's because I read a lot of fairy tales?
What does it mean when you dream of whales?
Isn't that a conception dream?
Two days ago,
I was in a mysterious paradise,
and there was one golden peach...
on a tree right in front of me,
and I ate it.
That's also a conception dream.
- That's a conception dream. - I know, right?
- I also had a conception dream. - What?
I dreamt of a hareubang. It must've been from abroad.
It had a nose of a foreigner, and I touched it in my dream.
This is surely a conception dream.
Who do you think is pregnant?
It can't be me.
- Am I having a second baby? - Am I having another child?
My goodness, you guys.
I found myself walking in a vast...
and green field.
And from somewhere far away,
I could hear something...
- stomping toward me. - And?
It was a huge golden pig.
And it was running toward me like a rhino.
Did you avoid it? You're not supposed to run.
Of course not. It was a golden pig.
I risked my life and jumped on the pig.
Then I started rolling, and that's when I woke up.
- My goodness. - Ms. Lee.
You need to buy a lottery ticket. You'll win the lottery.
What are you talking about? It's a conception dream.
"A conception dream"?
Right? It's a conception dream, right?
Yes, it's a conception dream. The baby will be rich!
The baby is going to be someone great.
- My goodness. - Congratulations.
- My gosh. - This is great.
Why do I keep dreaming of stuff?
This time, a dragon gave me...
a bunch of magic pearls.
I guess your business is going to do well.
You're right. I guess I'm going to make tons of money.
If you don't want that, I'll have it instead.
Sure.
Are you hungry?
I think I'm about to gain weight. I'm always hungry these days.
It's good to see you eating well.
What should we have for dinner? What would you like?
- Everything. - Everything?
I could eat anything and everything.
Sure, order received.
What are you agreeing to cook?
I don't know,
but I'll cook anything you want.
I'll do anything for you too.
Your wish is my command!
(Thank you for watching Oh My Baby.)
(Stay tuned for the epilogue.)
(Oh My Baby)
Her water broke.
Her water broke!
Which way is it?